Xeno Domination for Red-Engineers Server. Heavily modified.
=== Last adds:
47. The first arrival in the mission is done via parachute drop to the islet of Antigua. The aborigine gives you comprehensive information on how to get to the base, namely: a) by boat, b) by car, c) by a biplane from the time of World War I. Your task is to arrive at the base in order to get into the army and not on the island. Your task is to arrive at the base to get on the food supply and further arrive at the base, not on the islet. If you enter the mission with the rank of private, although you have been to the base, you will be dropped off near the base, over the nearest mountain range. You can reach the base on a gliding parachute and even get +10 if you hit the yellow circle, from which purple rockets are launched.
46. Fixed the system of transportation of stationary weapons in salvage truck. Weapons are now not repaired or reloaded when loading and unloading them into the truck and back.
45. The system of prizes for capturing cities and fulfilling sidemissions has been changed. Now the prize vehicles (according to the legend, left on the island by DOSAAF employees) are discovered by locals after liberation and reported to us. A map of the location of not yet discovered DOSAAF vehicles is implemented on the base. The vehicles should be found, inspected (menu command), brought by any means to the base and registered there (menu command). Only after that this vehicle will be able to be remanufactured at the corresponding service.
44. Around the base you can find a few light random combat vehicles in inoperable condition, as well as a vintage biplane.
43. The TV tower cannot be destroyed by any means (battering ram, tank shelling etc) except by detonation of a special explosive bomb.
42. Lighthouses at night emit strictly defined sequences of siren sounds.
41. When you enter the mission, all USSR holidays in 1985 are marked with text information and thematic sounds.
40. When jumping over the ocean, strong winds blow the player many hundreds or even thousands of meters away
39. New system of getting prize points for the city. It takes into account only positive points received when being in the zone around the city, outside of vehicles and not prize points (for Secondary Mission, spotters, towers etc).
38. A system of warning about violation of the base security perimeter is established. A siren is played and a yellow rocket is launched on the nearest mast of any type (radio, observation tower, service, etc.) to the point of intrusion.
37. The SPPM (Damaged Vehicle Collection Point) system has been developed, allowing the creation of marked groups of trophy vehicles and their better utilization.
36. To complete the mission, you must liberate all cities, mop up the last occupied city, and complete an active SideMission.
